[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a disaster film
pandora
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
in south korea the nuclear power station
is the important main state to the local
economy
which provides a lot of jobs to the
people living in the town
jay huck works for the power plant but
he doesn't like it at all
he plans to resign from the station and
work on a fishing vessel to make big
money
however due to his failures in business
before
he used up all of the death compensation
of his brother and father
his mother doesn't allow him to leave
his hometown again and his girlfriend
yan yo who has lost all her families is
also opposed to his plan about leaving
for two years
she even thinks that this is the way jay
hyuk intends to avoid their engagement
at the same time the new president just
receives a report from the number one
reactor of the nuclear power station
and he realizes that there is something
wrong with the number one reactor
so he asked the prime minister about it
the next day but the prime minister
thinks that now for the local economy
it is better to speed up the
construction of the nuclear power
station
and the problem mentioned in the report
isn't a big issue
so the president should not waste too
much time on it
later the prime minister learns that
this report was presented by the station
master
so the station master is soon
transferred away from his position
but right after he leaves the station
there is a 6.1 magnitude earthquake
striking the town
considering that the leader doesn't know
about the station very well
the station master comes back to the
station facing the mess spread in the
control room
he soon knows there is something wrong
with the cooling system of number one
reactor
the earthquake broke one of the valves
the station master tells the leader that
in order to save time
a lot of equipment was put in use again
without being overhauled last time
so he suggests that it is necessary to
let the residents take refuge first
but the minister goes furious about his
suggestion saying that he is not the
master of the station
and asking all the other staff to come
down with this problem
the cooling water begins to flow out
from the crack on the valve
and the temperature rises rapidly now
the only thing they can do
is to repair the valve manually but the
workers are afraid of being exposed to
radiation for too long
so they just weld the broken pieces
together instead of replacing the whole
broken valve
but what they've done causes the
explosion of pressure in the pipeline
which makes the highly radioactive
cooling water rush out
though the workers are evacuated out as
soon as possible
but the painful bronze slipping from
their mouth recalled j hooked the memory
of his father and brother who died in
the nuclear accident
he chooses to run away out of the fear
rooted in his mind
whereas his friend chubby decides to
stay and help others
to respond to his call a few workers
rush into the place with chubby
meanwhile the headquarters has sent a
security team to deal with this accident
but the minister doesn't want to take
his responsibility so he just hides in a
corner
and lets the station master give
instructions however
just as the workers are planning to set
up the spare pipe the reactor happens to
have a nuclear meltdown
which leads to the continuous production
of hydrogen so that the rise of pressure
in containment buildings
will cause an explosion as the problem
becomes worse and worse
the prime minister is also informed of
the situation
he suggests that the station should vent
the gas into the air directly
in a way that will make the residents
living nearby in danger
finally the president makes an urgent
decision that people who live the
closest to the station
need to evacuate first at the same time
workers who are dealing with the problem
in the station
also learn the fact about the reactor so
they plan to leave there as well
but then they find out that the door is
already closed and they are trapped
there
on the other hand the pressure inside
the reactor is rising
and the station master cannot wait
anymore he makes a decision to vent the
gas
but it is too late the reactor explodes
with a lot of radiation spreading
outside the world
and the station is ruined due to the
explosion
president learns the news but he doesn't
say a word
the prime minister intends to show his
power claiming in front of the media
that there is just a small accident in
the station
and telling the residents that the
evacuation is just an emergency drill
after the accident there are many
workers buried down in ruins
but fortunately jay huck doesn't get any
hurt from the
explosion so he begins to help other
people to get out of there
he sees his girlfriend yun-yo coming
there for him
but there is still a lot of people
waiting for his help
therefore he just stays and tells yun-yo
to run away from the town with his
family
and comes back to the rescue work again
however
the rescue teams who are sent there do
not take any action due to their fear of
the radiation
but inspired by jay hyuk and learning of
the horrible consequences
they soon begin to do the rescue work
together
at the same time yunyo comes back to the
gym which is currently taken as a refuge
and tells the truth to everyone that the
station has exploded
but when they plan to leave they find
the whole gym and even the cell phone
signal are blockaded by military
fighting hard to save the injured jai
hyuk unfortunately faints to the ground
after engaging with excessive radiation
he is soon rushed to the hospital
the station master finds out the reason
why the rescuer teams are so inefficient
they need to replenish fresh water from
elsewhere to cool down the reactor
instead of using the seawater right here
he goes on to ask about that but only to
learn that using seawater may cause
damage to the reactor
which is too expensive that it must be
protected meanwhile
the rescuers who keep working at the
accident site are also influenced by the
radiation
but their effort to stop the meltdown is
made in vain
what's worse they find there is a crack
in a storage pond
which is just next to the reactor that
soaks 400 tons of nuclear waste
it means that if the cooling water
continues to leak away through the crack
there will be another explosion coming
soon facing the urgent problem
there is no time for the president to
cover up the truth
the panic haunting the country shreds
rapidly among people
thousands upon thousands of people
rushed to the airport and bus station
hoping to escape from this country even
the military is in complete disorder
knowing about the chaos yun-yo unites
other people in the gym to break through
the blockade
and then she gets on a bus with jayhawks
families trying to run away from the
panicking world
where rule and order have totally
collapsed in hospital
there is only a young nurse staying
behind to take care of patients
jae-hyuk wakes up and contacts yun-yo
telling her just to escape from the town
with his families
as far as possible after being inspired
by his wife
the president finally understands what
he should do now
he seizes his power again and calls to
the station master for the current
situation
and then allows the rescuers to use sea
water to cool down the reactor
in this way their rescue work in the
power station goes efficiently
the problem of the reactor is resolved
successfully
now it turns to the crack in the storage
pond which needs workers to get there to
repair
however it is legal to work in such an
environment of excessive levels of
radiation
which means the repair work needs a
group of workers
who are willing to sacrifice their life
to do it in despair
the president delivers a speech to the
media apologizing for his incompetence
and calling for volunteers to do the
repair work however
jay huck and his colleagues in the
hospital feel angry at president's
speech
but chubby says that they have only a
little time to live after suffering
radiation for so long
so it is better for them to do the work
rather than just stay here
jay huck also worries a lot about young
yo and his families
so he agrees with chubby's words saying
that they are the only specialists
who know the station and techniques well
and what they will do
is for the safety of their families
finally other workers all volunteer to
join the death journey
then they make up a team led by the
station master to the storage pond
and their action is broadcasted to the
whole country people soon learned that
many of the volunteers lose their lives
during the rescue
while the crack grows larger it seems
impossible to restore it
the failure makes people across the
country fall into huge despair
at the critical moment jay hill claims
there is another way to prevent the
explosion
that is to blast the crack and let the
nuclear waste sink into the water below
which means to create a new storage pond
the station master regards it as a
feasible plan
so he reports it to the president
immediately and sets to execute it
however in order to achieve their goal
the workers need to block the valve
and detonate the bomb at the same time
so the one who is going to install the
bomb
will literally die there jai hyuk is the
only one who knows how to install the
bomb
after a moment of silence he takes the
bomb and starts off on his mission
he manages to finish his work at last
but before detonating the bomb
he begs the station master to give him a
chance to say goodbye to his families
he speaks through a camera on his helmet
pouring out his last words and emotions
to his families
crying that why he can't live with
people he loves
then he becomes calm again and presses
the detonator with determination
due to the explosion the nuclear waste
sinks into the lower water
and it is finally sealed safely jay huck
sacrifice brings a relatively peaceful
end to the country
the event also makes governors ponder
over their faults in dealing with the
disasters
in the end the station master and many
other workers pass away
due to the excessive radiation but they
will definitely live in people's
memories forever
this is daniel cc movie channel peace
out